fix logins for self-hosted Pulumi backend (#717)
pulumi/actions: CHANGELOG.md

---

## 3.19.1 (2022-09-01)

> - bug: Support logging into self-hosted Pulumi (e.g. an S3 bucket or
>   Pulumi Business Critical self-hosted)
>   [#717](https://github.com/pulumi/actions/pull/717)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- bug: Fix bug where `cloud-url` option was not respected. This change also enables using self-hosted Pulumi (_e.g._ an S3 bucket or Pulumi Business Critical self-hosted)
  [#717](https://github.com/pulumi/actions/pull/717)
```
